it's a tough time to be a magazine
readers have far more engaging options
and far shorter attention spans and of
course we have the Internet so then how
does India's oldest English women's
magazine with an aging and declining
readership get young women to turn
around and take notice and more
importantly engage with it well instead
of fighting the beast we decided to join
forces with it by creating the country's
first fully crowd-sourced magazine FEMEN
are made by you we invited young women
from across the country to take over the
magazine completely for an entire month
we put the word out in magazines
newspapers and on the internet and put
up an app on facebook for women to send
in their work women just loved the idea
they share their stories by the
thousands and then we allowed them to
chip in as editors as well via google
hangouts and it all came together in one
heck of a magazine a piece of history in
keeping with the spirit of the magazine
we decided to crawl sauce the
advertising for the issue as well by
asking women to send in a letter each
and the voices for the radio spot for
crowdsource two women took the time to
write in over seven thousand articles 60
made it to the issue the rest made it to
our Facebook page and all readers don't
write us then turned into our biggest
promoters
so from a magazine that women weren't
reading we went on to become a
phenomenon by simply asking them to
write it instead